b'NAME:\tLucky cat Chopsticks Holder Japanese ceramic chopsticks care Ceramic Lucky Cat Home Hotel Ceramics Cute\n'STORE:	HOMMMME Store
BASE-PRICE:	US $0.40 - 0.45

SHIPPING INFORMATION: 
Shipping: US $1.68 
to Australia via Cainiao Super Economy Global
Estimated Delivery: 30-50 days
COLOR INFORMATION: 
	Number of Different Colors:5
	Color Names:
		A		B		C		D		E

---------DESCRIPTION-----------

10Pcs Cute Mini Animal Farm Cartoon Food Picks Children Snack Cake Dessert Food Fruit Forks Lunch Bento Accessories Party Decor
USD 0.42-0.43/piece
Scoop Tea Coffee Tea Leaves Chooser Holder Chinese Bamboo Honey Sauce Spoon Shovel Matcha Powder Teaspoon Scoop Tool
USD 0.37/piece
100Pcs Disposable Bamboo Tie Knotted Skewers Twisted Ends Cocktail Food Fruit Picks Fork Sticks Buffet Cupcake Toppers
USD 0.81-0.87/piece
6pcs/pack Green Cactus Fruit Forks Plastic Toothpick Kids Tableware Fruit Fork Food Picks hot sale
USD 0.73/pack
Description:
100% brand new and high quality
material:ceramic
feature: cute and funny
style: chopstick stand
color: shown as the picture
Note:
1.Due to the hand measurement, there have size error about 1-3cm
2.Please be reminded that due to lighting effects and monitor's brightness/contrast settings etc, the color tone of the photo and the actual item could be slightly different
Package include:1* chopstick stand
 Shipping
1)1-3 Days lead time will be necessary after we confirmed receive your payment.
2)Please provide correct address after your payment within 1-2 days; otherwise, we will ship your item based on your Escrow address, so make sure it is correct.
3)DHL, TNT, Fedex, UPS, Air Cargo and so on are all supported, if you want to use any of them please contact us before you make the payment, because there will produce other fees. Normally, it takes 20-50 business days for arrival by Air Mail, and takes 3-10 business days by Express.
Method of payment
1.We only accept Escrow,Credit card,Western Union.
2. The custom duties, local taxes and charges are not included in the items price or shipping fee. It is buyer’s responsibility, but we will try our best to cooperate with you to solve it smoothly, and offer any free documents, if there is any cost, it will be buyer’s responsibility.
Return
Only defective product will be offered exchange.
Defective products must be returned within 30 days from the date you placed your order.
It may take up to 7 business days to process your return after we receive your product.The buyer is responsible for all further shipping fees.
Feedback
1)Your Feedback is really important for us, please take a few seconds to give a great feedback if you are satisfied with our products and services, thank you very much !!
2)We always offer the lowest price for best goods and service to you.
3) Please contact us before give neutral(3 stars) or negative(1-2 stars) feedback.We will try our best to solve the problem and give you a happy shopping mood here. Thanks a lot!